Access Rules update (#2)
strongdm/strongdm-sdk-go-examples: README.md

---
> **NOTE:**  

> > To increase flexibility when managing thousands of Resources, Role Grants have

Author: ```suggestion
> To increase flexibility when managing a large volume of Resources, Role Grants have
```

been deprecated in favor of Access Rules, which allow you to grant access based
on Resource Tags and Type.
>
> Previously, you would grant a Role access to specific resources by ID via Role

> Grants. Now, when using Access Rules, the best practice is to grant Resources access based on

Author: ```suggestion
Grants. Now, when using Access Rules, the best practice is to give Roles access to Resources based on 
```

> Type and Tags.

Author: ```suggestion
type and tags.
```

>

> >The following examples demonstrate Dynamic Access Rules with Tags and Resource Types, as well as Static Access Rules for backwards compatibility with Role Grants. If it is _necessary_ to grant access to specific Resources in the same way as RoleGrants did, you can use Resource IDs directly in Access Rules.

Author: ```suggestion
>The following examples demonstrate Dynamic Access Rules with tags and resource types, as well as Static Access Rules. If it is _necessary_ to grant access to specific Resources in the same way as Role Grants did, you can use Resource IDs directly in Access Rules.
```
